# PHP Examples

Various examples of PHP programming.

- ### [Bubilem Ipsum](bubilem-ipsum)

Czech sentence generator, which solves the composition of sentences, plural and singular numbers of nouns and verbs and many others. Words are generated randomly, but sentences seem natural.

- ### [Button with signed data](button-with-signed-data)

Secure sending of data by GET or POST methods using a simple button.

- ### [Random cinemas schedule xml generator](cinemas_schedule_xml_generator)

Program generates random cinemas schedule (movies, date...) to the xml file.

- ### [Class autoload](class-autoload)

Basic example of automatic class loading. In this example you can run the method run() from instance of class determined in URL.

- ### [Image in DB](db-blob-image)

Example of saving an image to the MySQL database.

- ### [User table administration](db-user-administration)

Simple database table administration (select, insert, update, delete) example. Three solutions are shown:

1. all-in-one solution
2. with the use of custom functions
3. object-oriented

- ### [Dynamic menu](dynamic-menu)

Special menu with items that sort themselves according to how they are used, ie the most used first.

- ### [HTML Art :-)](html-art)

Examples of content generation for drawing using DIV html tag. You can see:

1. face generated by circles
2. attempt a Fibonacci spiral
3. random generation of stars

- ### [Image upload and post processing](image-upload-postprocessing)

Example of uploading an image to the server's file system, resizing and creating thumbnails.

- ### [Playing with mathematics](math)

Playing with mathematics (primes, factorials, primorials).

- ### [Network addressing calculator](network-addressing)

You can calculate **mask**, **network**, **first host**, **last host**, **broadcast** address and **host count** for one network or some subnets in network. You can choose subnets by VLSM.

- ### [Object-relational mapping](orm)

Example of custom simple Object-relational mapping.

- ### [Piškvorky](piskvorky)

Piškvorky game in PHP (PVP, PVE).

- ### [Search in list](search-in-list)

Sequential search, halving search, indexing in lists...

## Instalation

1. **Download** or **git clone** my repository to your webserver directory.
2. Start your web server (WAMP / LAMP).
3. Run it in your webklient (Chrome, Firefox, Opera...).
4. Enjoy, study.

## Prerequisites

PHP7, Apache

## Note

The solutions created here are designed for study purposes.
